{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README\
\
To run locally:\
\
In your terminal run the command: git clone https://github.com/schooleysa/shair-tech-challenge.git\
This will create a copy of the repo on your local device. \
Navigate in terminal to the shair-tech-challenge folder.\
Run the command: npm start\
This will start the development server on localhost.3000 on your machine and should open in your browser automatically.\
\
To interact with the app:\
\
Use the two drop downs to select the make and vehicle type you desire to search for.  Adjust the slider to reflect the desired year and activate the Find Vehicle Button to search.  All of these elements are taxable, can be read by an E-reader and interacted with with keyboard as well as mouse.  The search will not run without all parameters specified, an alert will be thrown asking you to enter all parameters if the search without them.\
\
The page will then display your results.  If there are no results the page will notify you and the new search button will let you repeat with different parameters. If there are search results, the listed vehicles will have buttons that display more information about the vehicle and a second button to book the selected vehicle.  The same button for a new search is present as well.\
\
The footer contains three social media icons that when clicked or activated with keyboard will bring you to SHAiRs corresponding social media account.}